c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\bin\Debug\TCHusada.exe
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\bin\Debug\TCHusada.pdb
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\TCHusada_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\TCHusada.g.resources
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\TCHusada.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\TCHusada.exe
c:\users\msi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\TCHusada.pdb
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\bin\Debug\ShapedWPFForm.exe
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\bin\Debug\ShapedWPFForm.pdb
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Dokter.baml
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Karyawan.baml
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Pasien.baml
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Perawat.baml
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Dokter.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Karyawan.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Pasien.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Perawat.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\bin\Debug\TCHusada.exe.config
C:\Users\MSI\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Report1.baml
C:\Users\MSI\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Report1.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\TCHusada_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Admin.g.cs
C:\Users\MSI\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TCHusada\TCHusada\obj\x86\Debug\Admin.baml
